docs: edit step 3 of getting started tutorial start-data.md (#39628)
angular/angular: aio/content/start/start-data.md

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/cart.service.ts" header="src/app/cart.service.ts" region="methods"></code-example>

    * The `addToCart()` method appends a product to an array of `items`.

    * The `getItems()` method collects the items users add to the cart and returns each item with its associated quantity.

    * The `clearCart()` method returns an empty array of items, which empties the cart.

{@a product-details-use-cart-service}

### Use the cart service

This section walks you through using the `CartService` to add a product to the cart.

1. In `product-details.component.ts`, import the cart service.

    <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" region="cart-service">
    </code-example>

1. Inject the cart service by adding it to the `constructor()`.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" region="inject-cart-service">
        </code-example>

1. Define the `addToCart()` method, which adds the current product to the cart.

>     The `addToCart()` method does the following three things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `addToCart()` method does the following:
```
This is really minor, but I've lost count (ha!) of the times when I've said: "three things" only to find that I had added a fourth, or deleted one. So I tend to not use a number. :)

    * Takes the current `product` as an argument.
    * Uses the `CartService` `addToCart()` method to add the product the cart.
    * Displays a message that you've added a product to the cart.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.ts" region="add-to-cart"></code-example>

> 1. Update the product details template with a **Buy** button that adds the current product to the cart.
>     In `product-details.component.html`, add a button with the label **Buy**, and bind the `click()` event to the `addToCart()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `product-details.component.html`, add a button with the label **Buy**, and bind the `click()` event to the `addToCart()` method.
This code updates the product details template with a **Buy** button that adds the current product to the cart.
    
```

    <code-example header="src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/product-details/product-details.component.html">
    </code-example>

    The line, `<h4>{{ product.price | currency }}</h4>`, uses the `currency` pipe to transform `product.price` from a number to a currency string.
    A pipe is a way you can transform data in your HTML template.
    For more information about Angular pipes, see [Pipes](guide/pipes "Pipes").

> 1. To see the new **Buy** button, refresh the application and click on a product's name to display its details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that the new **Buy** button appears as expected by refreshing the application and clicking on a product's name to display its details.
```

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src='generated/images/guide/start/product-details-buy.png' alt="Display details for selected product with a Buy button">
    </div>

 1. Click the **Buy** button to add the product to the stored list of items in the cart and display a confirmation message.

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src='generated/images/guide/start/buy-alert.png' alt="Display details for selected product with a Buy button">
    </div>

## Create the cart view

For customers to see their cart, you can create the cart view in two steps:

1. Create a cart component and configure routing to the new component.
1. Display the cart items.

### Set up the cart component

>  To create the cart view, begin by following the same steps you did to create the `ProductDetailsComponent` and configure routing for the new component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 To create the cart view, follow the same steps you did to create the `ProductDetailsComponent` and configure routing for the new component.
```

> 1. Generate a cart component, named `cart` by right-clicking the `app` folder, choosing **Angular Generator**, and **Component**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a cart component named `cart` by right-clicking the `app` folder, choosing **Angular Generator**, and **Component**.
```

    <code-example header="src/app/cart/cart.component.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/cart/cart.component.1.ts"></code-example>

> 1. Add routing for the new `CartComponent`.
>     Open `app.module.ts` and add a route for the component `CartComponent`, with a `path` of `cart`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open `app.module.ts` and add a route for the component `CartComponent`, with a `path` of `cart`.
```

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="cart-route">
    </code-example>

1. Update the **Checkout** button so that it routes to the `/cart` URL.
    In `top-bar.component.html`, add a `routerLink` directive pointing to `/cart`.

    <code-example header="src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/top-bar/top-bar.component.html" region="cart-route">
    </code-example>

> 1. To see the new `CartComponent`, click the **Checkout** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify the new `CartComponent` works as expected by clicking the **Checkout** button.
```

# Managing data

This guide builds on the second step of the [Getting started with a basic Angular application](start) tutorial, [Adding navigation](start/start-routing "Adding navigation").
At this stage of development, the store application has a product catalog with two views: a product list and product details.
Users can click on a product name from the list to see details in a new view, with a distinct URL, or route.

This step of the tutorial guides you through creating a shopping cart in three phases:

* Update the product details view to include a **Buy** button, which adds the current product to a list of products that a cart service manages.
* Add a cart component, which displays the items in the cart.
* Add a shipping component, which retrieves shipping prices for the items in the cart by using Angular's `HttpClient` to retrieve shipping data from a `.json` file.

{@a create-cart-service}

## Create the shopping cart service

In Angular, a service is an instance of a class that you can make available to any part of your application using Angular's [dependency injection system](guide/glossary#dependency-injection-di "Dependency injection definition").

> The cart service is where you keep your cart data and methods.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is needed.

Currently, users can view product information, and simulate sharing and being notified about product changes.

The next step is to build a way for users to add products to a cart.
This section walks you through adding a **Buy** button and setting up a cart service to store information about products in the cart.

{@a generate-cart-service}

### Define a cart service

1. To generate a cart service, right click on the `app` folder, choose **Angular Generator**, and choose **Service**.
    Name the new service `cart`.

    <code-example header="src/app/cart.service.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/cart.service.1.ts"></code-example>

    The StackBlitz generator currently provides the cart service in `app.module.ts` by default.
    That differs from the example, which uses a bundle-optimization technique, an  `@Injectable()` decorator with the `{ providedIn: 'root' }` statement.

>     For more information about services, see [Introduction to Services and Dependency Injection](guide/architecture-services "Introduction to Services and DI").

Reviewer: If I were new to Angular, I would find this confusing. Can we just use the Stackblitz default configuration?

Author: The sample app does indeed use the StackBlitz default config. 

Using `providedIn: 'root'` in the `@Injectable()` decorator is the recommended best practice so people can take advantage of tree shaking, but StackBlitz doesn't create tree-shakable services by default.

Reviewer: Okay. Then let's make sure we tell users how to make that change.

Author: The tutorial works correctly the way StackBlitz generates the services, so if we tell the reader to change the configuration to the `@Injectable() providedIn: 'root'` way, we’re having them change the configuration from one that already works to another that, assuming they don’t make any mistakes, also works. But the outcome in the example app is the same because it’s all root injector, either way. 
What do you think about us just removing that note altogether?

Author: Per an offline conversation we will remove this note.

    </code-example>

1. Define the `items` property to store the products in the cart.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/cart/cart.component.2.ts" header="src/app/cart/cart.component.ts" region="items">
    </code-example>

1. Set the items using the `CartService` `getItems()` method.
    You defined this method [when you generated `cart.service.ts`](#generate-cart-service).
    By using the `getItems()` method in Angular's `ngOnInit()`, Angular uses `getItems()` upon initialization of `CartComponent`.
    The resulting `CartComponent` class is as follows.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/cart/cart.component.3.ts" header="src/app/cart/cart.component.ts" region="props-services">
    </code-example>

1. Update the template with a header, and use a `<div>` with an `*ngFor` to display each of the cart items with its name and price.
    The resulting `CartComponent` template is as follows.

    <code-example header="src/app/cart/cart.component.html" path="getting-started/src/app/cart/cart.component.2.html" region="prices">
    </code-example>

> 1. In the product list view, click on a product name to display its details.
>    Next, click **Buy** to add the product to the cart and click **Checkout** to see the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that your cart works as expected:
     * Click on a product name to display its details.
     * Click **Buy** to add the product to the cart.
     * Click **Checkout** to see the cart.
```

    <div class="lightbox">
      <img src='generated/images/guide/start/cart-page-full.png' alt="Cart view with products added">
    </div>

> Any time the StackBlitz preview refreshes, the cart empties.

Reviewer: Is this because of StackBlitz, or because we aren't saving our data anywhere? I think it's the latter. If so, maybe say:

Because you aren't saving your data anywhere, the cart empties any time you refresh the browser.

Author: Technically, I believe it is because of both of those reasons – sort of. However the preview pane is refreshing, not the browser as a whole. So the user isn't refreshing the browser. Instead, StackBlitz recompiles the code and refreshes the preview pane's UI (which is a sort of spoofed browser). How about:

```
Because you aren't saving your data anywhere, the cart empties any time you edit 
your code, which triggers StackBlitz to rebuild the application.
```

On second thought though, I wonder if this sentence is even necessary because in the beginning of the tutorial we reference the StackBlitz documentation, and assume a certain skill level. Since this behavior isn't particular to Angular, what do you think about just deleting the sentence altogether?

Reviewer: I think that, when in doubt, cut it out. We can always add something in again if there's an issue.

    Be sure to leave the existing imports in place.

    <code-example header="src/app/app.module.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" region="http-client-module-import">
    </code-example>

1. To register Angular's `HttpClient` providers globally, add `HttpClientModule` to the `AppModule` `@NgModule()` `imports` array.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/app.module.ts" header="src/app/app.module.ts" region="http-client-module">
    </code-example>

### Configure `CartService` to use `HttpClient`

The next step is to inject the `HttpClient` service into your service so your application can fetch data and interact with external APIs and resources.

1. In `cart.service.ts`, import `HttpClient` from the `@angular/common/http` package.

    <code-example header="src/app/cart.service.ts" path="getting-started/src/app/cart.service.ts" region="import-http">
    </code-example>

1. Inject `HttpClient` into the `CartService` `constructor()`.

    <code-example path="getting-started/src/app/cart.service.ts" header="src/app/cart.service.ts" region="inject-http">
    </code-example>

### Configure `CartService` to get shipping prices

> To get shipping data, from `shipping.json`, FYou can use the `HttpClient` `get()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get shipping data, from `shipping.json`, you can use the `HttpClient` `get()` method.
```

      <img src='generated/images/guide/start/shipping-prices.png' alt="Display shipping prices">
    </div>

<hr />

## What's next

> Congratulations! You have a store application with a product catalog, a shopping cart, and you can  look up shipping prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a store application with a product catalog, a shopping cart, and you can  look up shipping prices.
```

> To continue exploring Angular, choose either of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue exploring Angular:
```
